fix(bil): info about alerts (#5002)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/billing/how-to/use-billing-alerts.mdx

    You may configure up to 10 billing alerts based on your monthly budget. To create a new billing alert, click **+ Add alert**, and repeat the steps above.

  <Message type="important">
    - Billing alerts only provide a rough estimate of what may be charged to your monthly invoice. Additional costs related to your usage before the alert is triggered may still appear on your invoice after the alert is generated. Only your monthly invoice is considered legally valid.

>     - The alerts take discounts into consideration. This means that you will receive an alert if you have consumed a percentage of your budget regardless of whether discounts are applied. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
    - The alerts do not take discounts into consideration. This means that you will receive an alert only once you have consumed a percentage of your budget after consuming the entire discount.  For example:
```

        - If you have a discount of €100 applied to your account,

>         - and set an alert to be triggered when you reach 100% of an €150 budget,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - and set an alert to be triggered when you reach 100% of a €150 budget,
```

>         - once you have surpassed your discount in €50, you will receive the alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - once you have spent €50 over your €100 discount, you will receive the alert.
```
